We actually got three different deployment and generation options.
The first is a universal map.
You saw that mode in the next conflict fall.
That is the mode we used for the course and in that mode what you do is you build your project and then
you ship it to a Nokia server.
The first US they're always rendered dynamically on the server and after the first load the application
turns into a single page application.
That's great for Search Engine Optimization to single page APIs and nobbler mode.
We can use and we will use in this module there Diablo simply is shipped to the client just the index.
Each team will follow with no content in it but with deep holes script of course included and then the
app is loaded and rendered on the client.
You have a normal US therefore but you still have the simplified development deal automatically in third
routing all these next features the static app.
That's the third option and that's pretty cool here.
You can pre render your views during development so you don't have a server node server where they are
pre-rendered on the fly when the request is incoming.
But you pre-rendered them now ahead of time when you're working on your application.
I will show you how this works.
The cool thing is here you deaden the NHS chip a bunch of pre-generated HVM old files javascript files
and possibly see us as files.
Unlike in the worst lap where you need a real node server because that's not a core difference when
we talk about deployment for the first option.
We need a no J.S. hosta hosting provider that can host a no chase application for the simple reason
that in universal mode pages are generated on the fly whenever they are request that India's single
page application mode a static host like AWOS Asprey is all we need.
So just some hosting provider that is able to serve h html javascript and C-s ass.
We don't need no chase running on a server and that simplifies the whole set up the placement and typically
also is cheaper and the same is true for the steady gap since we regenerate everything on our machine
or wherever you want.
We just ship a bunch of HVM old javascript and as false with content though.
That's the big difference to the single page app where you ship an empty index HDMI HTML fall into scripts.
Here you ship pre-populated faults.
So did anyone reaching your page.
Already gets the finished aged email file and dare ofter enters your single page application.
But you still use a static host here.
So these are the free options and will have a look at all three for our demo app so lets see how that
works.